oh alright the brand new 2009 ballpark
collection just released today you hear
any crying or babysitting's while
opening this not sure what to expect
anything anybody else open this ok
Jorge Posada 699 our pull 699 I guess
all the base of that hey dice que and
papelbon dual jersey out of 200 have a
quad a John luster dice que Manny and
Ortiz out of 500 yeah and they ought to
Oh Phil Coke out of 375 auricular cards
look a lot better than last year's
version I think
all right it's a scullery island go
cover Adam Jones David Murphy to 500
Josh Beckett Roy Halladay Billy Wagner
Papelbon to 500 and outer jersey of John
Mayne nothing spectacular yeah
okay Chase Utley in the 20th anniversary
of Billy Wagner Trevor Hoffman 225 or
holiday daisuke James Shields Barry Zito
to 400 have a six luck Tommy Helton
Youkilis and Verlander Wakefield Kevin
Slowey that is to 300 and the thing to
go with I think this one will have a
eight watch if it's like last year's
thing is a brick Alex Gordon Mark
Messier jered weaver Max Scherzer to 400
more Nomar Liriano Denard Span to 500 in
a button Rafael Furcal three of four
which is the case it you get one button
laundry tag or dual jersey to auto per
case so least we got that out of a card
look a lot better than last year might
do some more this but anyway thanks for
watching